docs: update docs for sql review rules (#349)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/en/sql-review/review-rules/database-drop-empty-db.md

---
title: Drop database restriction
---

Can only drop the database if there's no table in it.

> It requires users to drop tables first before dropping the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It requires users to drop all containing tables first before dropping the database.
```

![schema-review-drop-empty-db](/static/docs/schema-review-drop-empty-db.webp)

## How the rule works

> Bytebase checks if exist any table in the specific database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bytebase checks if there exists any table in the specific database.
```
